Leo - wni817@usask.caAbdul - dpu196@usask.caGavin - gsc565@usask.caCMPT 306 - Group ProjectSummary of work:1. Abdul    - Created a background for my level 2 scene using generative AI and I had to edit some of it using Photoshop.    - Created a shuriken that shoots from the sky and directly aims at the fishbowl player. The shuriken's speed is random.    - Created player collisions with the fishbowl.    - Created spike traps, their collision shape only actives when it's at a certain animation.    - Implemented a new way to handle fish death. When the fish dies, its removed from the scene, the death noise is played and then reload the scene.    - Implemented sound effects for my shuriken's and for the spike trap.    - Made a portal that when entered, it respawns you to an earlier position.    - Used tilemaps to define the player collisions with the background.    - Used signals to detect when the player dies and to respawn the shuriken once it collides.    - Produced the idea to use multiple fishbowl scripts to control the fish at each different level. This way, we ran into less issues when connecting all scenes together.2. Gavin    - Created the background for my level 3 scene using CanvasLayer and ColorRect    - Created a TileMapLayer to create a platform for the player and the enemies    - Created an enemy car using CharacterBody2D that drives on the platform and leaves the screen but comes back again with an Ai-like behavior    - Created an enemy ball using CharacterBody2D that bounces on the platform    - Created an enemy cat using CharacterBody2D that patrols on the platform with an Ai-like behavior    - These enemy that was created would destroy the player(fishbowl) when it collides with it    - Created a tunnel for the player to hide to avoid getting hit by the car    - Implemented a sound effect for the car when it drives on the platform    - Implemented a sound effect for the cat when it patrols on the platform    - Implemented a script where once the player reaches the end of the screen it switches to a new level3. Leo    - Added instructions to Level 0 to guide the users for controls and warnings for future games    - Fixed Some sound bugs for the player in different status    - Implemented Main menu, and button connections    - Implemented Map (Level selection) Menu, made connections to all game levels, and bug fixes    - Implemented Pulse menu, added buttons for user interaction    - Implemented the Final scene, added background, message and buttons for user to interact with.    - Implemented Level 1 - Living room scene, background    - Designed Interactive layer with player to make game more fun and harder to play.    - Implemented Level 1 knife generating from random locations, and fixed collision with player layer. Knife only hits the player, but since fish is in a fishbowl, it does no damage to player, but to add speed to player vertically    - Implemented with Gavin of total try times counts inside the Map (level selection page)    - Added more details and frames to the jump and swim animation using Pixelmator.    - Generated AI backgrounds for menus.    - Implemented level unlock system, before completing the prerequisite, the player wont be able to play the next level.    - Added player won for level 0.